Update install.md (#2108)
input-output-hk/cardano-node: doc/getting-started/install.md

Checkout the latest version of cardano-node

    git fetch --all --recurse-submodules --tags
    git tag
    git checkout tags/<TAGGED VERSION>

#### Configure the build options

> We turn off compiler optimisations, and explicitly use the GHC version that we installed earlier.  This avoids
> possible problems with prevously installed versions of GHC.
> 
>     cabal configure -O0 -w ghc-8.10.2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We explicitly use the GHC version that we installed earlier.  This avoids
defaulting to a system version of GHC that might be older.

    cabal configure -w ghc-8.10.2
```
